
Purpose:	This is a free time experiment program written in C# implementing a google chrome driver and selenium automation.
The first purpose of this program is to attempt to find a pattern in the Forex Market using a bot to record trends of a
minute-by-minute graph of each of the availabe forexs on MarketsWorld.com. The patterns attempted to be discovered are based 
on the slope, avg, max, min, and standard deviation of the last 5, 30, and 120 minutes of the forex market.
	The second purpose of the program is to make a maximum profit using the previous patterns, if they are found. The program
records the graph for 2 hours before going into bot mode in which it utilized the patterns by looking at the graphs of each forex 
and predicting which Forex has the most likely chance of being predicted correctly. The program then bets on this forex in the 
predicted direction. The minimum and maximum bets on this website are 1$ and 1000$ respectively and the payout is 1.7x investment.
The program uses a 2.5x algorithm in which the first bet made is 1$. If this trade is incorrect, the next bet is 2.5x the previous.
Once a trade is successful, the bet amount goes back to 1$. This gives roughly 9 consecutive wrong trades before busting, or losing the 
ability to 2.5x the previous bet. With a pattern that finds just a 60% accuracy trend, the chances of busting are 2.5% over 100 trades.
As the program keeps running, the patterns continue to be recorded so the predictions should increase in accuracy. 

Results:	The results of the attemmpt to find a pattern in the Forex Market were conclusive. The program found that, after a large
enough sample size, the elements used in the algorithm had 0% influence on the next minutes results. Every state was eventually reduced
down to a 50/50 chance that the forex would go up or down. That being said, the chances of busting were increased to 19% per 100 trades.
After 500 trades, the program should hypothetically bust... which it did afer 700 trades. The money made after 700 trades was barely over
520$ and the money lost when busting was about 1700.